fix(a11y): final fix for WCAG 1.1.1 image alt should describe image content accurately (#17)
scottrigby/basekamp-next: content/events/public-collectors-against-competition.md

title: Public Collectors & Against Competition
images:
  - src: frontpageimage3.jpg
    alt: "Organized collection of vinyl records, CDs, books, and black filing cabinets displaying multiple media types including stacked records and album covers"
  - src: contactsheet-003.jpg

>     alt: "Contact sheet showing collection of event flyers and promotional posters with colorful imagery and text quotes featuring various performers"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "Collection of event flyers and promotional posters featuring Vanilla Ice"
```

  - src: mfrecords3.jpg
    alt: "Black metal shelving unit filled with organized vinyl records, CDs, and music media on multiple shelves with various album spines visible"
  - src: screen_shot_2009-12-30_at_8.46.41_am.png

>     alt: "Website screenshot or digital interface documentation related to Public Collectors project"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    alt: "Grid of photo documentation featuring various people, animals, and objects related to Public Collectors project"
```
